After finishing the match, the general manager Jorge Valdano analyzed the
Real Madrid television cameras the move that involved the expulsion of Kaka
what is certain is that
ee the player
he wants to play
there are other players that when they feel
by the way is that they do not touch they are thrown to the ground tries to provoke the network card
of the adversary
Christians always wants to play always wants to follow the the the play and during
in a good stretch what he was trying to release them c
of an adversary who
percent and seville
the pretending
slow it down
with a continuous grab
well, because
first say that
is logically injured
All our consideration deserves
I hope to also say that the intention of Christian is not that of
assaulting the Christian's intention to continue playing
it's something very similar to what happens when the ball goes out of bounds
of the iata goal valley out running to court
he wants to take it instantly because he has the desire to participate and
to participate a lot in the game abc the team does not agree to agree a
little more rest
but she is so anxious to play that everything will already be at its maximum
not good speed but you can not
dt nothing that explained have to build the show you have to have
those who do to interrupt the show but we have clear that
consideration
and then it is very difficult to do justice within a field not
also the Portuguese wanted to give his face and before the media explained how he had
seen the same
pastor efficiency that understand football
about the intention that I have to play free me
they lie are always not only stressed I grabbed
forever
I aspire to valledupar to england with two years
and beyond conan as england the pro only many times
I learned in those years
Well, they told me on Saturday with two shots they do that kind of thing or
either because he has lost that
I mean by this that my intention now jesus goux look for damages
in or cheat the referees li who what happened and I talked to guys who
has injured
and that's what the serene méndez told me today
Perry, forgiveness, because your intention will be pruned.
no I'm not denying that as he also a small boy
one meter seventy hit him in the face
what are you going to say now to do the interpretation that you want to see it
understand by teenagers in Aramaic freedom
i do that human mind unlucky to be stuck in the review
look at the leaf who thinks that my opinion was a shame and in a well
blind movement in a well do nothing quoted that an avalanche of the devesa then
red focus alive I do not understand that kind of thing
I'm calm the team won the most important thing but it's very good very
sad for him because of what happened
in my opinion it is not red onetti in the same way in the world